# CS-340-Module-8

How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
    The most important aspect of writing maintainable, readable and adaptable code is to make sure that it is concise, pointed, and well executed. Any extra code added that is unncessary makes it more difficult to understand the desired outcome. Utilizing the CRUD Python module allowed for easier management of data that was later sorted and turned into a visual dashboard in Project 2. This could be used later when management of data is necessary, especially large amounts, where it should be sorted, updated, read and even created.
    
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
    The way that I approach a problem as a computer scientist is to break the problem down into the smallest parts possible. Generally this involves a flowchart which then is converted to pseudocode, and then the actual code is written. This makes sure that I am writing the most concise code possible. The assignments in this course required those strategies while also the need for research for the code being written. In previous courses the code was a little more simple or the implementation may have been easier to understand. In this course it took a bit to make sure that the best code possible was written. I would continue to use these strategies in the future as well for database work.
    
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
    Computer scientists break down complex concepts and make them into their least complex parts. They then take these ideas and implement this into the best possible code that can be written. This includes making sure that the code is understandable and well written as well. The way this can help a company like Grazioso Salvare who has large files is to help sort the data and manage it in a more simple fashion. With such large amounts of data, without automating it, it would be very difficult to maintain.
